#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{tabulary}
\usepackage{tabularx}
\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage{booktabs}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{dcolumn}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing double
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Data
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This paper's analysis uses an original dataset comprising communiques and
 statements from FARC and the Colombian government separately, and joint
 communiques issued from the peace negotiations.
 All documents in the dataset were in the original Spanish, thus avoiding
 the obvious pitfalls of inter-translator variance, loss of nuance through
 translation, etc.
 The primary time period of interest is the ongoing peace negotiations,
 October 2012 through May 2016, an interval bounded by the first joint communiqu
e issued from the peace talks and by the beginning of this project.
 Conveniently, the same president has been in office in Colombia during
 that time, removing some of the variance we would expect to see from different
 speakers.
 (Given the automated nature of web-scraping, the data can easily be recollected
 and analyzed following the conclusion of peace talks.) Some documents published
 prior to October 2012, by each of the FARC and the Colombian government,
 were also available.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The documents were collected using web-scraping in Python.
 First, every FARC communique from the 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Comunicados
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 section of the official FARC website (http://farc-ep.co/comunicado.html)
 was scraped, for a total of 119.
 Some communiques were authored by specific FARC generals, but this analysis
 does not examine the individual-level authorship.
 Non-topical communiques were removed from the dataset: for example, a statement
 on May 30, 2016, announced the death (from heart attack) of a high-ranking
 FARC official who had been participating in the peace talks.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Second, every joint communique from the official Mesa de Conversaciones
 (negotiating table) website was scraped (https://www.mesadeconversaciones.com.co/d
ocumentos/comunicados-conjuntos), for a total of 71.
 I did not include joint reports (of which fewer than ten exist) issued
 from the peace talks because their purpose, format, length, and audience
 differed from the public statements that comprise the dataset.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Third, because the Colombian government issues statements on all manner
 of topics besides FARC, some human screening of the statements was necessary.
 Documents from 2012-15 were collected in the following manner: all press
 releases from those years were scraped from the 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Sala de Prensa
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 (Press Room) section of the Colombian president's website (http://wp.presidencia.
gov.co) and included in the dataset if the words 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Farc
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 (the typical capitalization used in Spanish media, with the exception of
 FARC's own publications) and 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

paz
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 (peace) were in the text of the document.
 Documents from 2016 were scraped separately from a new website of the Colombian
 president (http://es.presidencia.gov.co/noticia); they were included in the
 initial dataset if the website's search tool returned them as results following
 a search for the terms 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

farc
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

paz.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 The scraped dataset comprised 545 documents published between January 1,
 2012, and June 1, 2016.
 However, this still included statements that mentioned FARC or peace but
 were (a) not relevant to the peace talks or (b) not authored by the Colombian
 government.
 (For example, one statement from May 27, 2013, was titled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Frases del Vicepresidente Joe Biden
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 (
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Quotes from Joe Biden
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

).) 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
